index.md, before:

---
title: CommandPost
layout: default
---

# Introduction

CommandPost is a **free** and [open source](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/blob/develop/LICENSE.md) native macOS application that acts as a bridge between control surfaces, and software that doesn't natively support control surfaces, such as [Apple's Final Cut Pro X](https://www.apple.com/final-cut-pro/) and Adobe After Effects.

There are currently over <span style="color: #e8a75d;">**3300 active monthly users**</span> and over <span style="color: #e8a75d;">**1906 users**</span> in our [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/commandpost/).

It's used by filmmakers, scientists and just general macOS fans all over the world to seriously speed up mundane tasks through powerful and customisable automation tools.

For example, you can apply individual effects within Final Cut Pro or After Effects with the single tap of a button. It also has powerful Windows management tools.

Developed in [Lua](https://dev.commandpost.io/lua/overview/) (the same scripting language used by [Blackmagic Fusion](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/fusion/), [Adobe Lightroom](https://www.adobe.com/au/products/photoshop-lightroom.html) and even parts of [Apple iOS](https://twitter.com/_inside/status/1026173832527265792)), it's insanely customisable and powerful.

It's also fully compatible with [Hammerspoon](http://www.hammerspoon.org).

You can listen to Chris explain CommandPost on Final Cut Pro Radio [Episode #57](http://fcpradio.com/episode057.html) and [Episode #43](http://fcpradio.com/episodes/episode043.html).

---

# Sponsor

To help continue CommandPost to grow, evolve, and stay completely free and open-source, we offer the ability to sponsor CommandPost directly through GitHub.

- Sponsor Chris on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/latenitefilms).
- Sponsor David on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/randomeizer).
- Sponsor CommandPost on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/commandpost).

Alternatively, you can also make a contribution via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HQK87KLKY8EVN).

---

# Download

You can download CommandPost [here](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/releases/).

Please review our [license agreement](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/blob/develop/LICENSE.md) and [privacy policy](https://help.commandpost.io/privacy-and-credits/privacy_policy) before downloading.

---

# System Requirements

CommandPost supports **macOS High Sierra, Mojave, Catalina & Big Sur**.

It has native support for both Intel and Apple Silicon Mac's.

It requires **Accessibility Permissions**, so you'll need your computer's **Administrator Password**.

macOS Catalina & Big Sur now require **Screen Recording** permission, so we can determine window positions.

---

# Applications

CommandPost supports **Final Cut Pro 10.4.4** to **10.5.1**.

It has basic support for **Adobe After Effects 2020** or later.

It has experimental support for **DaVinci Resolve 16.2.7** or later.

It has built-in basic support for the latest versions of:

- Apple Compressor
- Apple Motion
- Cisco Webex Meetings
- Ecamm Live
- Microsoft Teams
- Skype
- Zoom

---

# Custom Tools

If you have a specific post production workflow problem you need to solve or automate, we can help.

We've developed custom plugins and solutions for post production studios, production companies, and individual editors all over the world.

For example, we developed a transcription plugin for [Apollo: Missions to the Moon](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9782756/) (edited by [David Tillman](https://twitter.com/davidtillman)) as well as specific CommandPost features for Denmark's second largest production company, [Metronome Productions](http://www.fcp.co/final-cut-pro/news/867-metronome-celebrate-a-documentary-series-cut-on-fcpx-with-a-birthday-cake).

The **FCPXML Titles Processor**, and **Shot Data** in CommandPost's Toolbox are other examples of commissioned tools.

[Email us](mailto:team@commandpost.io?subject="Custom Tools") to discuss your specific requirements.

---

# Videos

Here's some awesome videos made by members of our community:

- [FxFactory demoes CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F81vquuBIOg)
- [Arthur Moore demoes CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IkCYS9Svrw)
- [Serge M demoes CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYCNVb24kR8)
- [Arthur Moore demoes CommandPost & Loupedeck+](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNMdDGtIoR0)
- [How to Hack the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro using CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wf7MZ2MjgkA)
- [Creative Techniques #12: MIDI Color Correction with CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4YvDeOtpGc)
- [Batch Export FCPX browser clips using CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXzoeAUWMe4)
- [Tangent Ripple for FCPX w/CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWzd6KZNHpY)
- [Tutorial de CommandPost para Final Cut Pro X: ¡imprescindible! (parte 1)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai_fTAwEI_g)
- [Conheça o Command Post !!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymHuhJmcyIg)
- [Oyibo VFX explains how to speed up your FCPX workflow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCShkNSsH40)

---

# Features

CommandPost has **hundreds** of useful professional features. Here are some of our favourites:

## Final Cut Pro

- Scrolling Timeline
- Save & Restore Browser Layouts
- Batch Export from Timeline
- Highlight Browser Playhead
- Pasteboard Buffer
- Color Inspector controls on the MacBook Pro Touch Bar (or using [Duet](https://www.duetdisplay.com))
- Watch Folders
- Shared Clipboard & Clipboard History
- Timeline Zooming with Mouse Scroll & Modifier Key (includes Magic Mouse)
- Mobile Notifications ([Prowl](https://www.prowlapp.com), [Pushover](https://pushover.net/login) & iMessage)
- Apple Watch & Android Wear notifications (via [Pushover](https://pushover.net/login))
- Enable Rendering During Playback
- Ignore Inserted Camera Cards
- Advanced HUD with FCPXML & Pasteboard Editor

## Finder

- Make Pasteboard Contents Uppercase/Lowercase, etc.
- Windows Management/Resize Tools
- Shortcut for Un-mounting External Drives
- Enable/disable chime sound when laptop power is connected

For more information check out our [User Guide](http://help.commandpost.io/).

---

# Control Surfaces

CommandPost currently supports:

- [AudioSwift](https://audioswiftapp.com)
- [Loupedeck (Original)](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Loupedeck CT](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Loupedeck Live](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Loupedeck+](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Stream Deck](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/stream-deck)
- [Tangent Panels](http://tangentwave.co.uk) (including Tangent's iPad & Android App)
- [TourBox](https://www.tourboxtech.com)
- MacBook Pro Touch Bar Support (including a Virtual Touch Bar)
- MIDI Devices (including [TouchOSC](https://hexler.net/products/touchosc), etc.)

We are also currently working on support for:

- [Monogram/Palette](https://monogramcc.com)
- [DaVinci Resolve Speed Editor](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/media/release/20201109-02)
- [Razer Tartarus Pro](https://www2.razer.com/ap-en/gaming-keyboards-keypads/razer-tartarus-pro)
- [Xbox & PlayStation Wireless Game Controllers](https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT210414)

---

# Support

The best way to get support is via the **CommandPost > Provide Feedback** button in the CommandPost menu.

You can also post issues and feature requests on the [CommandPost GitHub Page](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/issues). Registering with GitHub is free, and we actively monitor these requests.

Alternatively, you can always email us via [team@commandpost.io](mailto:team@commandpost.io).

---

# Credits

CommandPost was originally created by [Chris Hocking](https://github.com/latenitefilms) as a proof-of-concept to make finding the Final Cut Pro browser playhead easier for [Scott Simmons](http://www.scottsimmons.tv/) (you can read the origin story [here](https://latenitefilms.com/blog/final-cut-pro-hacks/)).

It's now developed, maintained and supported by [Chris Hocking](https://github.com/latenitefilms) & [David Peterson](https://github.com/randomeizer) through [GitHub](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost).

Commit message:

Replaced active users with downloads

index.md, after:

---
title: CommandPost
layout: default
---

# Introduction

CommandPost is a **free** and [open source](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/blob/develop/LICENSE.md) native macOS application that acts as a bridge between control surfaces, and software that doesn't natively support control surfaces, such as [Apple's Final Cut Pro X](https://www.apple.com/final-cut-pro/) and Adobe After Effects.

It's been downloaded over [5916 times](https://hanadigital.github.io/grev/?user=commandpost&repo=commandpost), and has over <span style="color: #e8a75d;">**1940 users**</span> in our [Facebook Community](https://www.facebook.com/groups/commandpost/).

It's used by filmmakers, scientists and just general macOS fans all over the world to seriously speed up mundane tasks through powerful and customisable automation tools.

For example, you can apply individual effects within Final Cut Pro or After Effects with the single tap of a button. It also has powerful Windows management tools.

Developed in [Lua](https://dev.commandpost.io/lua/overview/) (the same scripting language used by [Blackmagic Fusion](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/fusion/), [Adobe Lightroom](https://www.adobe.com/au/products/photoshop-lightroom.html) and even parts of [Apple iOS](https://twitter.com/_inside/status/1026173832527265792)), it's insanely customisable and powerful.

It's also fully compatible with [Hammerspoon](http://www.hammerspoon.org).

You can listen to Chris explain CommandPost on Final Cut Pro Radio [Episode #57](http://fcpradio.com/episode057.html) and [Episode #43](http://fcpradio.com/episodes/episode043.html).

---

# Sponsor

To help continue CommandPost to grow, evolve, and stay completely free and open-source, we offer the ability to sponsor CommandPost directly through GitHub.

- Sponsor Chris on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/latenitefilms).
- Sponsor David on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/randomeizer).
- Sponsor CommandPost on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/commandpost).

Alternatively, you can also make a contribution via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HQK87KLKY8EVN).

---

# Download

You can download CommandPost [here](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/releases/).

Please review our [license agreement](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/blob/develop/LICENSE.md) and [privacy policy](https://help.commandpost.io/privacy-and-credits/privacy_policy) before downloading.

---

# System Requirements

CommandPost supports **macOS High Sierra, Mojave, Catalina & Big Sur**.

It has native support for both Intel and Apple Silicon Mac's.

It requires **Accessibility Permissions**, so you'll need your computer's **Administrator Password**.

macOS Catalina & Big Sur now require **Screen Recording** permission, so we can determine window positions.

---

# Applications

CommandPost supports **Final Cut Pro 10.4.4** to **10.5.1**.

It has basic support for **Adobe After Effects 2020** or later.

It has experimental support for **DaVinci Resolve 16.2.7** or later.

It has built-in basic support for the latest versions of:

- Apple Compressor
- Apple Motion
- Cisco Webex Meetings
- Ecamm Live
- Microsoft Teams
- Skype
- Zoom

---

# Custom Tools

If you have a specific post production workflow problem you need to solve or automate, we can help.

We've developed custom plugins and solutions for post production studios, production companies, and individual editors all over the world.

For example, we developed a transcription plugin for [Apollo: Missions to the Moon](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9782756/) (edited by [David Tillman](https://twitter.com/davidtillman)) as well as specific CommandPost features for Denmark's second largest production company, [Metronome Productions](http://www.fcp.co/final-cut-pro/news/867-metronome-celebrate-a-documentary-series-cut-on-fcpx-with-a-birthday-cake).

The **FCPXML Titles Processor**, and **Shot Data** in CommandPost's Toolbox are other examples of commissioned tools.

[Email us](mailto:team@commandpost.io?subject=Custom Tools) to discuss your specific requirements.

---

# Videos

Here's some awesome videos made by members of our community:

- [FxFactory demoes CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F81vquuBIOg)
- [Arthur Moore demoes CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IkCYS9Svrw)
- [Serge M demoes CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYCNVb24kR8)
- [Arthur Moore demoes CommandPost & Loupedeck+](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNMdDGtIoR0)
- [How to Hack the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro using CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wf7MZ2MjgkA)
- [Creative Techniques #12: MIDI Color Correction with CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4YvDeOtpGc)
- [Batch Export FCPX browser clips using CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXzoeAUWMe4)
- [Tangent Ripple for FCPX w/CommandPost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWzd6KZNHpY)
- [Tutorial de CommandPost para Final Cut Pro X: ¡imprescindible! (parte 1)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai_fTAwEI_g)
- [Conheça o Command Post !!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymHuhJmcyIg)
- [Oyibo VFX explains how to speed up your FCPX workflow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCShkNSsH40)

---

# Features

CommandPost has **hundreds** of useful professional features. Here are some of our favourites:

## Final Cut Pro

- Scrolling Timeline
- Save & Restore Browser Layouts
- Batch Export from Timeline
- Highlight Browser Playhead
- Pasteboard Buffer
- Color Inspector controls on the MacBook Pro Touch Bar (or using [Duet](https://www.duetdisplay.com))
- Watch Folders
- Shared Clipboard & Clipboard History
- Timeline Zooming with Mouse Scroll & Modifier Key (includes Magic Mouse)
- Mobile Notifications ([Prowl](https://www.prowlapp.com), [Pushover](https://pushover.net/login) & iMessage)
- Apple Watch & Android Wear notifications (via [Pushover](https://pushover.net/login))
- Enable Rendering During Playback
- Ignore Inserted Camera Cards
- Advanced HUD with FCPXML & Pasteboard Editor

## Finder

- Make Pasteboard Contents Uppercase/Lowercase, etc.
- Windows Management/Resize Tools
- Shortcut for Un-mounting External Drives
- Enable/disable chime sound when laptop power is connected

For more information check out our [User Guide](http://help.commandpost.io/).

---

# Control Surfaces

CommandPost currently supports:

- [AudioSwift](https://audioswiftapp.com)
- [Loupedeck (Original)](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Loupedeck CT](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Loupedeck Live](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Loupedeck+](https://loupedeck.com)
- [Stream Deck](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/stream-deck)
- [Tangent Panels](http://tangentwave.co.uk) (including Tangent's iPad & Android App)
- [TourBox](https://www.tourboxtech.com)
- MacBook Pro Touch Bar Support (including a Virtual Touch Bar)
- MIDI Devices (including [TouchOSC](https://hexler.net/products/touchosc), etc.)

We are also currently working on support for:

- [Monogram/Palette](https://monogramcc.com)
- [DaVinci Resolve Speed Editor](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/media/release/20201109-02)
- [Razer Tartarus Pro](https://www2.razer.com/ap-en/gaming-keyboards-keypads/razer-tartarus-pro)
- [Xbox & PlayStation Wireless Game Controllers](https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT210414)

---

# Support

The best way to get support is via the **CommandPost > Provide Feedback** button in the CommandPost menu.

You can also post issues and feature requests on the [CommandPost GitHub Page](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost/issues). Registering with GitHub is free, and we actively monitor these requests.

Alternatively, you can always email us via [team@commandpost.io](mailto:team@commandpost.io?subject=Website Support).

---

# Credits

CommandPost was created by [Chris Hocking](https://github.com/latenitefilms) as a proof-of-concept to make finding the Final Cut Pro browser playhead easier for [Scott Simmons](http://www.scottsimmons.tv/) (you can read the origin story [here](https://latenitefilms.com/blog/final-cut-pro-hacks/)).

It's now developed, maintained and supported by [Chris Hocking](https://github.com/latenitefilms) & [David Peterson](https://github.com/randomeizer) through [GitHub](https://github.com/CommandPost/CommandPost).
