docs/sponsor.md, before:

# Sponsor CommandPost

To help continue CommandPost to grow, evolve, and stay completely free and open-source, we offer the ability to sponsor CommandPost directly through GitHub.

You can do **one-off or monthly** payments.

GitHub is a safe and secure developers platform used by over **73 million users** worldwide.

- Sponsor CommandPost on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/commandpost){target="_blank"}.

You can also sponsor the individual developers here:

- Sponsor Chris on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/latenitefilms){target="_blank"}.
- Sponsor David on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/randomeizer){target="_blank"}.

Alternatively, you can also make a contribution via **[PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HQK87KLKY8EVN){target="_blank"}**.

If you're in Australia, we can also generate a **tax invoice** with GST for you - just [contact us](mailto:support@latenitefilms.com?subject=CommandPost).

You can also show your support by [purchasing one of our paid apps](/latenite-technology/).

Commit message:

Added Sponsors List & GitHub Action

docs/sponsor.md, after:

# Sponsor CommandPost

To help continue CommandPost to grow, evolve, and stay completely **free and open-source**, we offer the ability to sponsor CommandPost directly through GitHub.

You can do **one-off** or **monthly** payments.

GitHub is a safe and secure developers platform used by over **73 million users** worldwide.

- Sponsor CommandPost on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/commandpost){target="_blank"}.

You can also sponsor CommandPost's individual developers here:

- Sponsor Chris on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/latenitefilms){target="_blank"}.
- Sponsor David on GitHub [here](https://github.com/sponsors/randomeizer){target="_blank"}.

Alternatively, you can also make a contribution via **[PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HQK87KLKY8EVN){target="_blank"}**.

If you're in Australia, we can also generate a **tax invoice** with GST for you - just [contact us](mailto:support@latenitefilms.com?subject=CommandPost).

You can also show your support by [purchasing one of our paid apps](/latenite-technology/).

Thanks team!

---

### Current GitHub Sponsors

Thanks to all these amazing people for supporting CommandPost!

{{ include "github-sponsors" }}
